Update README.md (#6)
KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper: README.md

Minecraft Version
------------------

> VoxelSniper was built against the Bukkit 1.18.1 API.

Reviewer: Why not 1.18.2, now that I think of it?

Author: Because I lifted it before 1.18.2 was out. No point in updating if there is no need. I think it improves backwards compatibility

> VoxelSniper was built against the Bukkit 1.18.1 API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VoxelSniper is being built against the Bukkit 1.18.1 API.
```

Reviewer: Should we make a draft PR to change this back when there is a release?

***We will not support anything below 1.16.5***

 - Minecraft 1.18

Compilation
-----------

> Pre-compiled JARs are available in releases..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-compiled JARs will be available in releases..
```
Perhaps change this, until there actually are releases available?
